feat: Add build type for adhoc (#6044)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

- Lazily CharacterSet only once in SentryBaggageSerialization (#5871)
- Structured Logging: Log `SentrySDK.logger` calls to `SentrySDKLog` (#5991)

> - Build type metadata now makes difference between `enterprise` and `adhoc` (#6044)

Reviewer: `m`: We can be a bit more specific so the user knows exactly where this surfaces.
```suggestion
- The build type in the app context now differentiates between `enterprise` and `adhoc` (#6044)
```
